# Quiz_in_C-_Class_12_Project
Quiz is a C++ application that has questions related to general Knowledge. It has multiple choice Questions and calculate scores of each correct/wrong answer. It helps in increasing general knowledge. Don't need register simply enter user name it will saved automatically and you can look in again with same user name in scorebook. Don't have to worry about the past score, it saves all record in binary files which can be access in future. This application is developed to conduct a quiz. This Quiz system is accessed by entering the user name which is added to the binary file after you finish this quiz. Before start on the Quiz &amp; player can see the rules and regulations using the “How to play” options in main menu, which will display the description for number of Questions and scoring methods. Quiz is started by displaying one Question with four options each based on General knowledge, if the answer is correct, score is incremented by 10pts and if wrong then negative 5pts is decremented from score. After 10 limited Random Questions, Quiz application will finally direct you to the score page where Final score will be displayed and updated in the binary file. The main objective of Quiz Contest is to facilitate a user-friendly environment for all users and reduces the manual effort. In past days Quiz is conducted manually but in further resolution of the technology we are able to generate the score. The functional requirements include to create users that are point to participate in the Quiz &amp; automatic score and report generation and administrative tasks like add questions &amp; delete &amp; clear scorebook for admin privilege users which requires pin to access.
